Data Scientist I Intern

Job summary

We are looking for motivated data scientists with excellent leadership skills, and the ability to

develop, automate, and run analytical models of our systems. Academic and/or practical

background in Computer Science, Engineering, Operations Research, or Process Control are

particularly relevant for this position. Experience in the integration of model-based engineering

tools and/or multidisciplinary analysis &amp; optimization is also a plus.

Locations - Bangalore, Hyderabad, Chennai

Major Responsibilities:



Use data analyses and statistical techniques to develop solutions to improve customer

experience and to guide business decision making

Identify predictors and causes of business related problems and implement novel approaches

related to forecasting and prediction

Identify, develop, manage, and execute analyses to uncover areas of opportunity and present

written business recommendations

Collaborate with multiple teams as a leader of quantitative analysis and where you develop

solutions that utilize the highest standards of analytical rigor and data integrity

Analyze and solve business problems at their root
Key Responsibilities

• Collaborate with experienced cross-disciplinary Amazonians to conceive, design, and bring

innovative products and services to market.

• Design and build innovative technologies in a large distributed computing environment, and

help lead fundamental changes in the industry.

• Create solutions to run predictions on distributed systems with exposure to innovative

technologies at incredible scale and speed.

• Build distributed storage, index, and query systems that are scalable, fault-tolerant, low cost,

and easy to manage and use.

• Design and code the right solutions starting with broadly defined problems.

• Work in an agile environment to deliver high-quality software.



Basic Qualifications

• Knowledge of computer science fundamentals such as object-oriented design, operating

systems, algorithms, data structures, and complexity analysis

• Knowledge of programming languages such as C/C++, Python, Java, or Perl

Modify current resume to fit these requirements. keep iterating to find resume that scores highest for these particular jds
