Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) advances the way people live and work.
We bring together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology
solutions, searching beyond our customers’ needs today and redefining
what’s next. Create history in an ever -evolving industry and help our
customers create theirfuture too.Join us and redefine what’s next for you.

About the Business
HPE Operations prioritizes putting customers and partners first by
developing the workforce of the future. This involves a strategic, inclusive,
and collaborative working culture. At our core, we strive to uphold HPE’s
values – to partner, innovate and act – we are an organization that plan,
source, and provide quality customer and partner experiences.
The HPE Center supports our customers with the transformationand
integrationof their technology. We are there for our customers– come
joinus!

Job type: Internship+ GradHire
Selection Process:
Pre-Placement Talk+ Online
Assessment+ Technical
Interview+ Managerial Interview
+ HR Interview
Job Location:HPE India Locations
(Chennai/Bangalore)
InternshipDuration: 6 Months
(February 2027 to August 2027)
Full Time Start Date :Sep 2027

HPE University Hiring Program

Are you ready to give your careerthe boostit deserves?
HPE India is one of the country’s leading research and development organizations, and we’re one of the
first multinational corporations to start operationsin Bangalore.Our business interests span ProductR&D,
ProductPlanning,Marketing,Sales,Services and CustomerSupport.The technologyfootprintincludes
productsand technologiesacross the Edge & Core Compute,High PerformanceCompute(HPC), Storage,
Networking,Converged,ComposableInfrastructure,Cloud, Security, IntelligentEdge, AI/ML,
Telco/CommunicationsPlatforms as well as an advanced incubationand developmentcenter. More than
3000 engineers work in these areas withmanyplaying global rolesanddefiningstrategy for next
generationHPE products, plus enjoying opportunities to work with local and international customers . The
cutting- edge work of our engineershas seen a vast numberof intellectualproperties being generated
from Bangalore.

Job Description:
HPE is lookingto recruitengineersdirectlyfromcollegecampusesto workon softwarethatis requiredfor
productscoveringmultiple areasof:
CloudComputing AI/ML IoT/Edge Compute Security& Authentication
Wireless LAN/Wi-Fi Software-Defined WAN Network-as-a-Service Data Science
Networking Storage 4G/5G platforms As-a-Service
ManageabilityTools DatabaseSystems Operating Systems Language Compilers

HPE is looking to hire in these categories:
(a) Software Development: Responsiblefor designing, coding, debugging, and testing softwareto
develop andenhancemissioncritical solutions.
(b) SoftwareAutomation&QualityAssurance:Responsiblefor developingand automatingfunctional,
endurance,stress,performanceteststo supportenterpriseclass productsand solutions.

Build Your Career Here: There are exciting opportunities for you to work in differenttechnologyareas
while workingon Enterprise class products and solutions. These include OperatingSystems,File Systems,
Firmware,Storage technologies,Networking,System Security, Virtualization, multi-core architectures,
Database internals, Open Stack,Data Scienceand CloudMonitoringtechnologies.
“At HPE, we believe in giving team members the power to shape their experience. That's why we have a hybrid ,flexible work
model — one that ensures connectivity, a commitment to our culture, and continued impact for our team members. It's the
evolution of hybrid work at HPE, Hybrid work means finding a healthy balance between working in the office and working
remotely”.

Prerequisites:
• GraduateDegree– BE/B.Tech– 2027 batchin Circuit Branches (CSE, EC, EE, IT.) with AI
• MinimumCGPA of 7/10 in UG and 80% in 10 th and 12 th (No active arrears)
• Excellentwrittenand verbal communicationskills
• Goodproblemsolving and analyticalskills
• Ability to collaborateand workwellin teamenvironments
• Strong ProgrammingSkills and Understandingof operatingsystems

At HPE, you have the opportunity to redefine what’s next for you. Are you what’s next at HPE?
